Brother Xie Fan, I toast you
OK
Brother Fan, I also toast you
In the future, this Blue Cloud Group
It's all up to you
What you say is what you say
OK
Does the old man want to know what poison he has been poisoned with?
Yes, yes, old man
I would like to know
What kind of poison is this?
Wounded God
It can completely obliterate a person's mind
After that, I
Just by a normal person
Become a vegetable
Because its medicinal materials are extremely complex and expensive
So this medicine
It's not something that ordinary people can deserve
And here's the thing.
What's that?
I forgot.
I'd love to tell you
Your grandfather's poison
Not only are the materials required extremely complex and expensive
Even the means of poisoning are extremely cumbersome
According to your grandfather's living habits
In his food
And a very small amount of poison in the drinking water
And it goes on and on.
Only then can the poison penetrate deep into the bone marrow unknowingly
Can fulfill the above conditions
How can I say these words?
Then you eat
The purpose of Sun Zhifei and his son is to seize Lan Yun
That's why the group united me
Acquired a large part of Blue Cloud Group
Our Home Shares
Already far
Far beyond the hands of Lu Zhao's father-in-law and daughter
So Lu Zhaoyuan is bound to lose at the shareholders' meeting
You guys are really insidious